This project involves setting up a secure and scalable infrastructure for deploying a web application. The steps are outlined below:

1)Creating a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC): 
  Start by creating a private network environment using Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).

2)Setting Up Launch Template: 
  Develop a launch template that defines the configuration of instances in your infrastructure. 
  This template can be used for multiple Auto Scaling Groups, ensuring consistency.

3)Configuring Auto Scaling Group: 
  Create an Auto Scaling Group using the launch template. 
  This group will manage the number of instances running your application based on traffic. 
  For additional security, these instances will reside in private subnets.

4)Creating Instances: 
  The instances are automatically created within the private subnets of the VPC, without public IP addresses. 
  They can only be accessed through a Bastion Host.

5)Implementing Bastion Host: 
  Establish a Bastion Host in a public subnet. 
  This host acts as a secure gateway for accessing instances in private subnets. 
  Transfer your private key to the Bastion Host using Secure Copy (SCP) and use it to SSH into the Bastion Host.

6)Accessing Instances via Bastion Host: 
  From the Bastion Host, SSH into the private instances. 
  Within these instances, you can deploy your web application. 
  For instance, create a simple HTML file and run a Python HTTP server on port 8000.
  $python3 -m http.server 8000

7)Creating a Target Group: 
  Set up a target group to manage the routing of incoming traffic to your instances.

8)Load Balancer Configuration: 
  Configure an Application Load Balancer (ALB) across two Availability Zones in public subnets.
  Attach the target group to the ALB for distributing traffic.
  Add an inbound rule in the Security Group to allow HTTP traffic on port 80.

9)Accessing the Application: 
  With the Load Balancer active, copy the provided DNS name into your web browser. 
  This DNS name directs you to the running web application.

In summary, this project employs Amazon Web Services (AWS) to create a VPC, launch template, and Auto Scaling Group for deploying a web application. 
Instances are kept secure in private subnets, accessed through a Bastion Host, and managed using a Load Balancer for efficient traffic distribution.